---
layout: post
title: "Why Aethlon Medical is a Good Bet"
author: "Jake Drew"
categories: penny_stocks
---

Aethlon Medical ($AEMD) is developing immunotherapeutic technologies to combat infectious disease and cancer. To augment the body's natural immune defenses, the Aethlon Hemopurifier eliminates life-threatening disease targets that are often shielded from the immune system and not well addressed by traditional drug therapies. The technology captures circulating viruses, bacterial toxins and cancer promoting exosomes through affinity attachment to a unique structure that cloaks these targets from immune detection. At present, the Hemopurifier is being advanced under an FDA approved clinical study.\
<br  >
 
The company sole focus is the Hemopurifier which is an investigational device that has not yet received FDA approval for any indication. Aethlon continues to investigate the potential for the use of the Hemopurifier in viral diseases under an open Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) and our FDA Breakthrough Designation for “…the treatment of life-threatening glycosylated viruses that are not addressed with an approved therapy.”. Aethlon has an open FDA approved Expanded Access Protocol for the treatment of Ebola infected patients in the U.S. and a corresponding HealthCanada approval in Canada. The FDA Breakthrough Designation is “granted to novel medical devices that have the potential to provide more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions”.\
<br  >
 
Based on their studies to date, the Hemopurifier can potentially clear many viruses that are pathogenic in humans, including HCV, HIV and Ebola. With regards to Ebola there was an Ebola-infected physician at Frankfurt University Hospital who was previously caring for Ebola patients in Sierra Leone. A single 6.5-hour administration of Hemopurifier therapy was delivered to the patient, who was unconscious with multiple organ failure at the time of treatment which required mechanical ventilation, continuous dialysis and the administration of vasopressor medications. The results of the Hemopurifier therapy was well tolerated with no adverse events reported. No signs of hemolysis - No clotting of blood - No allergic reactions. Over 242 million Ebola viruses were verified to be captured within the Hemopurifier. The patient's viral load prior to Hemopurifier therapy was measured 400,000 copies/ml. Post-treatment viral load was measured at 1,000 copies/ml and never again rose above that level or 99.75% of the virus was removed. The patient was no longer infected with Ebola virus and subsequently made a full recovery.\
<br  >
 
They say there is data suggesting that it could clear a closely related coronavirus (MERS). Thus it could potentially clear SARS-CoV-2 from the blood however we don’t know if this would have a positive effect on this disease, which primarily targets the lung. Even if effective, the Hemopurifier would only potentially be indicated in those patients with the most severe and life-threatening manifestations, this however would enable Aethlon to increase the margins on the product per treatment as the recipients would be higher risk and thus warrant a higher price - I know people might not like this statement but it's true, the closer one is to being another statistic the higher price they are willing to pay to have a chance at preventing such statistic.\
<br  >

Aethlon is also the majority owner (at 80%) of Exosome Sciences, Inc., a company focused on the discovery of exosomal biomarkers to diagnose and monitor life-threatening diseases.\
<br  >

Aethlon Medical is currently trading at $2.30 at time for writing.\
<br  >